Adding a page to the Guides about PR Reviews (#186)
arfc/arfc.github.io: manual/guides/pullrequests.md

---
layout: manual

> title: Pull Requests

Reviewer: 1) I think this file should be called pull_requests.md
2) I would expect a page titled "Pull Requests" to include both how to make PRs and how to review them. Possibly, it may be also helpful to add a couple of sentences on how to respond to PR review comments (e.g. how to deal with the suggesting functionality by committing the changes). 

If you'd like Reviewing a PR to be it's own page, that would be fine. If you'd like it to retain this title "Pull Requests," then the Making a Pull Request section should include links to existing guidance on how to make a PR. Guidance for making PRs can be found in my book and on the github help pages. Specific to this group, I would like to add that a PR in the group should:

- have GitHub labels
- have a GitHub project
- have a description in GitHub
- List requested reviewers (not everyone, but not no one. One or two PR reviewers is ideal. More can be the right choice sometimes. )
- be linked to an issue.
- be small (atomic, do just one thing)

subtitle: "What to check in a PR Review"
permalink: /manual/guides/pullrequests
---

# Reviewing a Pull Request

> - [Recommendations from Cyclus PRs](https://fuelcycle.org/kernel/pr_review.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cyclus PR Review Recommendations](https://fuelcycle.org/kernel/pr_review.html)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Common mistakes and errors](https://blog.scottnonnenberg.com/top-ten-pull-request-review-mistakes/)

> Below is a checklist that lists many aspects that reviews should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a checklist the PR reviewer should
```

consider before approving a pull request. As a reminder, the
[ARFC Code of Conduct](http://arfc.github.io/manual/coc) still applies

> in pull request reviews. It's important to practice proper reviewing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in pull request reviews. Reviews should be both thorough and respectful. 
Critical feedback is encouraged but should be delivered with kindness.
```

> while maintaining respect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are about to review a PR, consider copying and pasting 
this checklist into your review comment and checking the boxes 
as you go along. 

```

```markdown
- [ ] Read the PR description
- [ ] Read through all the changes, considering the following questions.
  - [ ] Is there anything you can praise about this PR? Start with
        praise.
  - [ ] Are variable names brief but descriptive?
  - [ ] Are new/changed functions no longer than a paragraph?
  - [ ] Do all function parameters have default values where appropriate?

>   - [ ] Is the code clear and clean? (see Robert C. Martin's Clean Code)

Reviewer: add link to the Clean Code book.

Author: Should I use a link to a free PDF that I found or something like the Amazon page where you can buy the book?

Reviewer: The UIUC library or the o'reilly access linked there:

- https://i-share-uiu.primo.exlibrisgroup.com/discovery/fulldisplay?docid=alma99944155312205899&context=L&vid=01CARLI_UIU:CARLI_UIU&tab=LibraryCatalog&lang=en
- https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/-/9780136083238/?ar

  - [ ] Is there enough documentation?
  - [ ] Does the programming style meet the requirements of the

>         repository (PEP8 for python, google for C++, etc.)

Reviewer: link to PEP8, link to google C++ style guide.

  - [ ] If a new feature has been added, or a bug fixed, has a test been
        added to confirm good behavior?
  - [ ] Does the test actually test the new/changed functionality?
  - [ ] Does the test successfully test edge cases?
  - [ ] Does the test successfully test corner cases?
  - [ ] If the repository has continuous integration: does the PR pass
        the tests?
  - [ ] If there is no continuous integration, check out the branch
        locally, build, and run the tests.
  - [ ] Do the tests pass on your machine?

>   - [ ] Is the PR free of random cruft (built files, SWP files, etc.)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Is the PR free of random cruft (built files, `.swp` files, etc.)?
```

  - [ ] Do all files in the PR belong in the repository?
  - [ ] If the PR deletes files, is this appropriate?
  - [ ] If the PR adds files or data, are these new files compatible
        with the repository license?

>   - [ ] Does this PR close an issue? If so, be sure to descriptively

Reviewer: Let's actually move this one all the way to the end of the list (after "When you approve... " and before "Thank the author...")

        close this issue when the PR is merged.
  - [ ] Make a review, leaving kind comments and suggesting changes

>         where needed (to resolve the above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        where needed (to resolve the above).
  - [ ] Has the author resolved all of the comments and suggestions in your review?
```
